Parachutes: Not only do these pyrotechnics launch into the sky with a flare, they deploy mini paratroopers to spectators below! These daytime-friendly fireworks are fun for kids and adults to enjoy during a family picnic or at a public event. Spark the imaginations of the kids, ignite nostalgia in adults, and add a whole new dimension to your fireworks display. Launch a whole bunch of parachute fireworks for the ultimate paratrooper invasion!

Aerial Cakes: A mainstay for any fireworks celebration, aerial cake fireworks — also known as multi-shot aerial repeaters — launch into the sky with vibrant colors, mesmerizing sparkles, and the crack-whistle-boom the crowd loves. Containing multiple tubes packaged together in one square ‘cake,’ these self-contained fireworks shows only need one fuse to set off an incredible display.


Aerial cake fireworks come in a single package. They are fused together so that they set off a chain reaction with amazing effects and loud shots. Aerial cake fireworks usually come in two shapes, either rectangle or square. You light them just one time and then sit back and enjoy a series of blasts, shrills, and special effects. You can put your own touch of finesse on the entire party with the cake fireworks show.

Aerial cake fireworks are an excellent choice for a fun backyard party, momentous celebration, or any other event. In most of the fireworks shows you’ve attended, chances are the majority of the fireworks you see are aerial cakes. The multi-shot construction makes them a popular choice — for good reason!


Missiles: 
Basically a rocket without a stick! Missiles are devices that shoot aerial effects up in a spray pattern - you'll love the glitters, crackers, and bangs. They can be single shot devices that look like rockets with fins, or be shot off from multiple tubes with a rapid-fire battery of shots. Another way to captivate your audience, everyone is fascinated once that fuse is lit! Sensational addition to your sky show!

Rockets:
Just as exciting in your backyard as in a premier fireworks show, bottle rocket fireworks are timeless pyro accessories for any event or occasion. Buy bottle rockets in bulk — with massive savings — at Red Apple, and be stocked for whatever fun life throws your way! Light ‘em up one at a time, all lined up, or any way you like to add extra sound and spectacle with that classic whoosh-whiz-bang and trail of sparks. Buy bottle rocket fireworks online with shipping right to your door!

Bottle rockets are aerial fireworks that soar mid-altitude into the sky upon ignition, exciting spectators with flashes of light, an array of vibrant colors, and loud and cracking sounds. Traditionally launched from bottles — hence the name — simply hook the fuse over the lip of your launch tube, light the fuse (or fuses!), and watch these little rockets soar with an explosive tail.

Once you light the fuse, the flames travel quickly along the foot-long wooden stick attached to the bottle rocket's core to ignite the pyrotechnic chemicals inside, such as charcoal, sulfur, and potassium nitrate. A small powder charge wrapped in paper and tacked to the end of a light wooden stick are all it takes to make a bottle rocket — simple concept, endless fun.

Bottle rockets are wonderfully easy and straightforward to use, which is yet another reason they are a perennial favorite among fireworks fans. Even if you plan to set off your bottle rocket pyrotechnics in the light of day, you can still enjoy the sound as they crackle in the sky.These attention-grabbers are perfect to launch your event or close it out with a bang.


Roman Candles:
Fun for beginners and expert pyros alike — and a beloved tradition — Roman candles ignite the sky with balls of fire, sparkling stars, and iridescent trails. At Red Apple Fireworks, it’s as easy to buy roman candles online as it is to set ‘em up and light ‘em off. Browse by color and effect, or by diameter, with roman candles ranging from a quarter-inch up to an XL 1-inch or more. Want the ultimate Roman candle? Go for the multi-shot Barrage!

Fountains:
Entertain your guests with fountain fireworks of all shapes, sizes, and colors — even daytime fountains and confetti fountains! You’ll hear plenty of ‘oooohs!’ and ‘aaaahs!’ from your guests as sparkling fountains burst with color and sound in the night (or day) air. Ground effect multi-shot repeaters emitting an infinite number of effects, fountains are always a great part of any fireworks show. Our huge selection of fountain fireworks includes options at every price point.

Firecrackers:
Buy firecrackers of all kinds right here! Kids and adults alike love the classic BANG! BANG! BANG! Just like a potato chip, you can’t have just one. From packs of 50 to 16,000 firecrackers, there’s plenty of fun packed in every roll! Shop firecrackers for sale in bricks, rolls, strips, or single pieces. Light the fuse and RAT-A-TAT-TAT. Looking for something special? Check out firecrackers with colored smoke — and even ones that burn underwater!

Assortment:
A collection of fireworks items, generally consisting of fountains, sparklers, rockets, and firecrackers.

Deployment
Local Git: https://waweru_ken@kenshop.scm.azurewebsites.net/kenshop.git